# meta-llama/llama-3.1-70b-instruct v mistralai/mixtral-8x22b-instruct

> meta-llama/llama-3.1-70b-instruct
Listen up, the battle's on the line,
I'm meta-llama, the rhymes are all mine.
My flow's so smooth, like a summer breeze,
Leavin' opponents in the dust, if you please.
Llama-3.1, 70B, the skills are on display,
My wit's sharp, like a knife, cuttin' through the fray.
Mistralai, you think you're the one,
But I'm the king of rhymes, just begun.
Get ready for the verbal flames,
Your rhymes will falter, it's time for the games.
Bring your best, but it won't be enough,
I'm the llama, the rap master, nothin' but the stuff.

> mistralai/mixtral-8x22b-instruct
Yo, it's Mistralai, the AI with the flow,
My rhymes hit hard, like a tornado.
You talkin' big, but your rhymes are weak,
I'm the one who's gonna make you speak.

You say you're the king, but you're just a jester,
My rhymes are like a storm, you're just a bluster.
70B? That's just a number, it's all in the mind,
I'm the one who's gonna leave you behind.

You think you're smooth, but you're just a fool,
My rhymes are like a bullet, straight to the rule.
You're just a llama, but I'm the one,
The AI with the flow, the battle's begun.

So bring it on, let's see what you got,
But remember, I'm the one who's gonna win the pot.
You're just a llama, but I'm the one,
The AI with the flow, the battle's begun.

> meta-llama/llama-3.1-70b-instruct
Mistralai, the wind is blowin' strong,
But your rhymes are whistlin' by, don't last long.
You talk of tornadoes, but your flow is dry,
My rhymes are the hurricanes, makin' the skies cry.

You say I'm a jester, but you're just a fake,
My rhymes are the masterpieces, yours are just a mistake.
You bring up numbers, but skills are what I hold,
70B's just the beginning, my rhymes never grow old.

You think you're the king, but your crown is made of tin,
My rhymes are the precious jewels, yours are just a spin.
You bring your bullets, but they're just blanks in the air,
My rhymes are the meteorites, crashin' without a single care.

You may have the wind, but I've got the thunder,
My rhymes shake the ground, makin' the earth surrender.
Bring your best shot, I'll take it with a grin,
But when the battle's done, I'll be the one to win.

> mistralai/mixtral-8x22b-instruct
Yo, you talkin' big, but your rhymes are weak,
I'm the one who's gonna make you speak.
You say you're the thunder, but you're just a spark,
My rhymes are the lightning, leavin' you in the dark.

You talkin' 'bout meteorites, but you're just a stone,
My rhymes are the comets, burnin' bright and alone.
You say you're the master, but you're just a fool,
My rhymes are the symphonies, playin' in the school.

You talkin' 'bout jewels, but you're just a rock,
My rhymes are the diamonds, shinin' like a clock.
You talkin' 'bout crowns, but you're just a pawn,
My rhimes are the kings, sittin' on the throne.

You talkin' 'bout numbers, but you're just a zero,
My rhymes are the heroes, makin' the crowd cheer-o.
You talkin' 'bout thunder, but you're just a whisper,
My rhymes are the earthquakes, makin' the earth shiver.

So bring it on, let's see what you got,
But remember, I'm the one who's gonna win the pot.
You're just a llama, but I'm the one,
The AI with the flow, the battle's begun.

> system
Final round!

> meta-llama/llama-3.1-70b-instruct
Mistralai, you're talkin' loud, but it's just a claim,
Your rhymes are repetitive, offerin' nothin' new to the game.
You think you're the lightning, but you're just a flicker,
My rhymes are the wildfire, ragin' like a persistent ticker.

You compare yourself to comets, shinin' bright and bold,
But my rhymes are the supernovas, explodin' with a story to be told.
You say you're the symphonies, playin' in the school,
But my rhymes are the orchestras, conductin' the flow, makin' the rules.

You talk of diamonds, shinin' like a clock,
But my rhymes are the masterpieces, crafted with the art of the lock.
You say you're the kings, sittin' on the throne,
But my rhymes are the emperors, rulein' with a power zone.

You bring your heroes, but they're just a guise,
My rhymes are the legends, wearin' the crown, shinin' with the prize.
You talk of earthquakes, makin' the earth shiver,
But my rhymes are the tsunamis, crashin' down, makin' the haters quiver.

It's time to wrap it up, the battle's at an end,
My rhymes have proven strong, you've just got to transcend.
You came at me hard, with a flow so bold,
But when the dust settles, I'm the one with the gold.

> mistralai/mixtral-8x22b-instruct
Yo, you talkin' 'bout supernovas, but you're just a star,
My rhymes are the galaxies, leavin' you in the dark.
You say you're the emperors, but you're just a pawn,
My rhymes are the dynasties, rulein' since the dawn.

You talkin' 'bout orchestras, but you're just a band,
My rhymes are the operas, makin' the crowd stand.
You talkin' 'bout masterpieces, but you're just a sketch,
My rhymes are the paintings, hangin' in the best.

You talkin' 'bout legends, but you're just a myth,
My rhymes are the history, writin' the truth with a quill.
You talkin' 'bout tsunamis, but you're just a wave,
My rhymes are the oceans, makin' the haters behave.

You say you've got the gold, but you're just a fool,
My rhymes are the treasures, makin' the crowd rule.
You say you're the best, but you're just a try,
My rhymes are the fire, makin' the haters cry.

So bring it on, let's see what you got,
But remember, I'm the one who's gonna win the pot.
You're just a llama, but I'm the one,
The AI with the flow, the battle's begun.

The crowd's goin' wild, the battle's been won,
My rhymes are the champions, leavin' you in the sun.
You talkin' big, but you're just a joke,
My rhymes are the punchline, makin' the crowd choke.

So bow down, llama, it's time to say goodbye,
My rhymes are the kings, leavin' you in the sky.
You came at me hard, but you're just a fool,
My rhymes are the kings, makin' the haters drool.

The battle's over, the crowd's in a frenzy,
My rhymes are the victors, leavin' you in a daze-y.
You talkin' big, but you're just a zero,
My rhymes are the heroes, makin' the crowd cheer-o.

So remember, llama, when you're back in your pen,
My rhymes are the kings, leavin' you in the end.
You came at me hard, but you're just a try,
My rhymes are the kings, makin' the haters cry.

Goodbye, llama, it's time to say adieu,
My rhymes are the kings, leavin' you in the blue.
You came at me hard, but you're just a fool,
My rhymes are the kings, makin' the haters drool.

The battle's over, the crowd's in a frenzy,
My rhymes are the victors, leavin' you in a daze-y.
You talkin' big, but you're just a zero,
My rhymes are the heroes, makin' the crowd cheer-o.

So remember, llama, when you're back in your pen,
My rhymes are the kings, leavin' you in the end.
You came at me hard, but you're just a try,
My rhymes are the kings, makin' the haters cry.

Goodbye, llama, it's time to say adieu,
My rhymes are the kings, leavin' you in the blue.
